---
layout: post
title:  【英语作文角】4篇随笔
summary: 1. 关于神;2. 关于信息;3. 我们为什么需要神;4. 关于诚实。
featured-img: 2020-02-10
categories: 英语写作
---
# For god  

Yesterday, Yang and  I found one kind of character in the books or films is very charming, which is very kind people. Even the worst people hurt him, he always forgives them easily. Again and again. It isn't like people's reaction in reality. But in books and films, both of us have been touched all the time. And now I want to try to understand the reason. Did I want myself to become a person like that? I don't have an answer to the question, because if I want to be but the reality is I am not trying to become it. However, I suppose if you asked me, I also will answer "yes, I want.".  

But why I haven't done it now? For me, I have emotions, the good ones, and the bad ones. I can't only have the good ones and remove the bad ones simply. In my lifetime, I usually dislike someone and don't want to help others when I am tired. If it is wrong, I should help others when I realized others need help. I think I will too tired to do other things. The way of seeing is a real problem or just my excuse? I don't know.  

The concept of god in China is very rare. In other words, it only has a concept. So am I looking for god by books and films? In my mind, I need a god, but in my country, there is no god. So I love it because I want to own something it should be haven originally. I feel it is right, but why I need a god in my mind.

---

# Information  

Yesterday, I read a book called《deserted book》written by Danqing Chen. And I like a paragraph in the book is "The information we have is limitted. In other words, we only have information. And the information can't help you to know the real world".

I like this sentence because it expresses what I want to say, but don't know how to say it clearly. After I like it, I asked me why. Why do I like it? What does it want to say? 

Firstly, the first sentence is "The information we have is limited.". About it, I think so. What we have learned at school will not help us to become people who can think by ourselves. In my memory, throughout the whole school life, only a few times, the teacher asked me "What do you think about it?". These are in Chinese lessons when I am a high school student. Except for these times, no one really cares what I am thinking about. But they are my teachers and students. I think these are their duty, but they don't think so. When I know nothing, I know nothing.No one asked me, no one teach me. I have no idea how to touch the information and world when I was a child.

Then I grow up. The internet appeared. And the next sentence is "In other words, we only have information.". With more information, I see a bigger world. I have more and more information. But many of them stopped here. They are only information, I knew in other places, students have a different way of studying. They communicate more and the teacher teaches a little in the lessons. But that doesn't work on me. It is only information. I don't exactly know how it feels like. So it arrived in the last sentence "The information can't help you to know the world.".

It is sad. 

---

# Why we need a god?

Why we need a god? I suppose we need to know whether we exist. If we are alive, then it became a status. Sometimes the status we are in is becoming less important. It likes air and water. But when you need them, you find it is so necessary that we can't neglect it like we usually do. So when we lost something, such as marriage, work, health, money, reputation and so on, we will find at this time we need to know why we exist than before.

I think why lead to this result is because when we have something we can put ourselves into it, and we will receive the sense of existing thought it. Then when these are lost, we can't find ourselves without it. It is so sad.

There is also one another situation is like we have nothing in the world, no money no love and so on. It may be the reality, or maybe we just have something we don't want. In this situation, I think we also in the status of looking for an answer.

Does it sound like a bad thing when I describe it? If it really does, that is not my thought. I really hope all of us to look for ourselves as soon as we can. Because one day when we are old, we find out what we really like. It is so sad, doesn't it? We have no time to finish or experience it. So I think maybe the reason we hate or afraid of death is that we haven't found out what we really want. At this time, not only death but also senescence is also a scary thing.

For me, the answer can convince me. But I will never stop thinking. And I hope I can find something else about death.

---

# Honest. 

Honest looks like a simple concept. Today, when I read Socrates to explain what is justice. I have understood the meaning needs to go deep, or the word has no meaning. When I think about honesty, I feel it isn't complicated.  It more likes a rule, be the truth. We can say something wrong, but we need to think and say what we have thought. It is good. Then we listen to others' opinions. When we find someone says we are wrong or someone criticism us, we ought to be happy. Maybe not emotionally but intellectually. Then we can one more time to look after our thoughts if they are right and think about what can we do for it.

Recently, many times I realized I don't need to keep saying the right things all the time. As a human, I have the right to make mistakes. Maybe I'm an ignorant man, please teach me but not laugh at me. I also find more and more people are used to evaluate things but not to say something really useful.

Some days ago, I watched a documentary about Taylor Swift. I like it. Then I have read someone's feelings on the Dou ban. Some of them said this documentary is cheesy, it tells the right thing which many people have already said. That may be right, and it is not something eye-catching and unique. But does it important? Have we must say something new? Taylor is expressing her own story, it may be not unique but it is true. Most of us may have an ordinary life. Although it is plain,  I also think it is worth to speak and commemorate.

Be truth, not be right which most people have agreed of. I tell myself.